# SpaceGame
This repo will explain the HuiCraft SpaceGame concept.

# Table Of Contents
- notes
- concept
- storyline
- spacestation
- main
- servers
- adding content


## Notes
> ⚠️ We still need to work out all the details. You can help by making a pull request or an issue!

## The concept
### Storyline
#### The start
You (the player) wake up somewhere at an unknown planet. You don't remember anything (except fot your name). You see a ship. (Your ship.) Stranded and broken. You look inside and take some tools.

You start chopping some trees. Eventually you see someone walking: a villager. The stranger takes you to his village. The villagers need help with something (I don't know what exactly. Make an issue if you have an idea) and you help them.<br />
In return they give you metal/resources to repair your ship. They also let you choose a pet. (A cat or a dog) After a week (in minecraft days) you finally repaired your ship.<br />
The only thing you need is fuel. That's why you started working in the villagers mine. After a day of mining, you ot enough fuel to launch your ship to leave the planet.<br />
You leave the planet.<br />

### Space
Once you enter space, you see a ship. The ship is a trading ship.<br />
You dock your ship at the trading ship and enter the trading ship.<br />
You explore the ship and after 10 minutes you see alot of posters advertising some sort of race.<br />
Because you need money, you enter the race.
#### The race
You are racing, but your ship is really slow. When the other person is almost at the finish line, he crashed.<br />
His life support is failing. You decide to help him.<br />
Because you helped him, he gives you his **old** spacestation!<br />
### SpaceStation
#### Repairs
When you are at your (new) spacestation, you need to repair some things:
- Power
- Lifesupport
- Holes in the hull
- Engines
- Navigation
- Sensors
- The computer core
- 
## Technical details
Now I will explain all the technical details.

This will explain how the Plugins will work.
## Servers
HuiCraft Will work using multiple minecraft servers connected using bungeecord.

### List of servers
- Bungeecord
- Lobby
- Planets ( around 5-10 planets per server (depending on server resources *[1]*) )

[1] ram/cpu/disk ect
## Adding content
### Requirements
- NodeJS
- Git

### Building
Run this command in your terminal:
```bash
npm run build
```

Thanks for reading this document!

	Do not edit this file!
	Generated at 9/3/2022, 4:30:27 PM
	© HuiCraft 2022